[Play the UGE Magic game](game.html)

# UGE Magic Story :-)

Hi,
I'm Stefan Ianta, I'm from Toronto, Canada and I have great news for you guys.
Do you remember when Elon Musk said that very likely we live in a simulation computer of an advanced civilization?
Genius - eh, he was right, they exist and they simulate our consciousness and every live cell on Earth right now!

This is how they contacted me:

I was coughing and hawking one morning when I got a call:
- Stephen Hawking?
I said:
- No, Stefan Ianta from Toronto - w3ai.net
and they said - there were several voices:
- Cool, please tell Stephen Hawking to make a correction for his interview in 2014:

(on screen the quote: We are all now connected by the Internet, like neurons in a giant brain. -Stephen Hawking)

- we wanted him to say "in a UGE brain". Not "giant" but "UGE".

I asked: 
- what is UGE?
- Universal Game Engine

I said,
- wow - Could you send me a link? Who is using UGE? 

This is how I caught them, 
They murmured things like a random noise, I guess, thinking if they should uncover their identity
and finaly they answered:
- We play you guys all on the Universal Game Engine.

And then they said they are like those Monkeys jumping on keyboards to write Shakespear's works 
- if you know what stats mean https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem

They were the guys who worked a couple billion years to write our DNA code. 
In the begining, they said, they had lots of bugs, and had to drop many DNA branches, 
but a few hundred million years ago they passed the tests for the first brain genes, 
then a few million years ago they got the neocortex coded and 
about 100 thousand years ago they got the first functional gene for language...
Can you imagine? 
Just from random jumping on keyboards... I guess, very fast and lots of keyboards... 

... and on and on they went bragging how great agile parallel coders they are, 
and how they test on planetary scale environments, 
and how they have every functional gene engaged automagically right in time
to simulate all consciouness experiences for us seamlessly 
without us having to worry about all the DNA work on the backend cell servers 
- 30 something trillion smart cell servers in each human being - they said.

I said:
- Awsome Awsome Awsome - would you guys send me some demos I could 
share with my friends on GitHub, Facebook, LinkedIn, TechCrunch... ?

So I'm preparing their demos here:
games.w3ai.net
and some instructions for coders here
uge.w3ai.net

They said we can simulate anything on their UGE net including business stuff and projects
and that the biz clients will have no clue that everithing is on auto pilot UGE DNA scripts - kind of js

but they said we should still keep appearances and pretend to work hard 
to not spoil the magic experiences for others, Ok?

So for Demo purposes you'll see the balls doing the trick 
but keep in mind that others might not get it immediatelly.
They said that for credible life experience they had to 
hide the browninan balls ticks inside nucleus of the cell processes.

Did you see the Youtube videos with DNA replications? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqESR7E4b_8
There are trillion of water molecule balls jumping around there running all life threads
and you still don't see them on youtube - these guys are really advanced Simulators!

So here you can barely see the balls working the magic:
game.html

Ask your friends to watch from 2 meters back as the default is Full Magic! 
Watch your Challenges dissapear with or without you working the ball(s).

And stay around as I'm preparing the the demos for the UGE Business Magic.

Have your boss ever asked you to do your magic stuff to get the business going? 
That's what you'll get shortly.

If you wanna join some of the UGE projects don't hesitate to get in touch. 
We are building UGE Teams for the Global hackathons this summer to spread the word on UGE Magic:
Facebook Global Community Challenge - https://devcommunitychallenge.devpost.com/
TechCrunch Disrupt SF Global Hackathon - https://disruptsf2018.devpost.com/
MS Office Productivity Hack - https://officehack4.devpost.com/

So if you wanna get on the UGE developers list we are looking for volunteer hackers on 
FireBase, UX/UI, IOS, Android, HTML5, CreateJS, Google Apps Script, GCP, FB Games, etc


And if you are around in Toronto, New York or Halifax don't hesitate to join our W3AI / TCP1P Meetups:

Toronto - Transformative Code Pile 1 Programming
https://www.meetup.com/SocialAI/

New York - Manhattan Algorithmic Innovations Reactor
https://www.meetup.com/Manhattan-AIR/

Halifax - Algorithmic Innovations Group
https://www.meetup.com/HalifaxAIG/

enough said - now back to coding those UGE DNA scripts ...
